Minutes for the 2021-12-09 (#5)
ACPSEM/thursday: minutes/2021-12-09.md

# 2021-12-09

- SB reached out to from Innolitics about RDM example repo
- Interested in joining efforts but wait until some progress has been made

> - IEC-62304 requires use of a QMS, TGA doesn't require

Author: @pchlap, a change in wording 

```suggestion
- IEC-62304 requires use of a QMS. For exempt clinical decision support software a QMS is still needed, but the TGA does not require this QMS to be certified.
```

- ISO 13485 for QMS, GitHub can be used to fulfil
- Linking between requirements and testing and code providing functionality
- RDM can use Git hooks to achieve this (commits link to issues)

> - Is example repo still needed given overall groups shift?

Author: ```suggestion
- Is example repo still needed given overall group's shift?
```
